Since during the project we are going to use font awesome.
Wow.
We're going to have to include them in our project.
So I'm gonna head over to a font awesome and font awesome being font awesome.
Since the last project the station project they have changed their setup.
So now if you'd like to get a CDM essentially a link that we can include.
We're gonna have to sign up with an email.
So in this case I'm not going to do that but in fact I'm gonna download it right away.
The version of font awesome icon.
The reason why I'm doing that is to show that we don't have to first of all sign up for the email even
though you could get a CDM and also because you might watch this in the future when the font awesome
version has already changed.
So I'm working with five point nine but maybe you're already watching when the font awesome version
is let's say 6 or 7.
So in that case I would suggest getting exactly the same font awesome from.
In fact the setup files.
OK so what's going to happen within the setup files.
I'm going to include also the font awesome.
So the way we get Phantasm without signing up well we just downloaded it and then as you see there over
the option of download Phantasm yes we would like to do that and I'm going to go for free for web like
so then we downloaded and of course once we don't want it we also need to see how we would need to include
it in our project.
And in this case we just need to click on the link post font awesome yourself and what they're suggesting
is that we have multiple options.
If we would like users we g then we just need to look for all just file.
If we just want to work with web funds now we're just looking for all CSX.
Now let's head over back to our downloads and so downloads.
And let me open this up and then once I open up the folder what I'm gonna do right now is again I'm
going to copy and paste this folder so I'm going to copy it and then within the backroads I would like
to copy paste it and that's number one.
And second I'm also gonna copy and paste it within the setup files.
So for those of you who are watching in this in the future.
Again if you want to follow along the project exactly the same.
I would suggest grabbing the font awesome folder from the setup all right and just set it up within
your project.
Now once we're done with that I said we just need to include the particular CSF file.
But you do need to have that folder there.
All right.
So just make sure that the folder is there and then grab the all c assess or all J.S. from in fact phantasm.
So the way we were gonna write that is by link and then we're look for Phantasm then for to seize this
folder and then we're looking for all MNC assets.
And since we also would like to start out with our different awesome has been added correctly.
Now we're gonna go with I element and then let's look for class if a.
And then maybe let's increase the size dramatically just so we can see that particular icon clearly
and the classes F.A. AND I'M GONNA GO WITH FIVE TIMES BIGGER.
OK.
Let's say that and yet on the right hand side.
There you go.
We do have our font awesome so we have successfully added font awesome to our project.